= retrospec

Description goes here.

== Contributing to retrospec
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Corey Osman. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

Also, I’ll be releasing a major overhaul to retrospec in the coming weeks that will make it possible to use retrospec with just about any language or project.  This means if you want folks to write plugins for your software
you can build a retrospec plugin gem that automates the creation of the plugin/scaffolding code for that project.  And I have a plugin to create plugins for retrospec.  Not sure if this makes sense but its going to open the doors to easier
plugin writing for everyone.  This means we can automate the creation of plugins for your auto sign tool.

The framework is not ready but if your curious the links are below.

https://github.com/nwops/retrospec (framework)
https://github.com/nwops/retrospec-plugingen (first plugin)

- puppet-retrospec will be converted to a plugin as well
- nodejs plugin is coming
- a plugin for creating foreman plugins is on my list
- a plugin for creating foreman hammer cli plugins
- chef module plugin
- salt module plugin


